legal/Privacy Policy.md, before:

*Updated: May 7th, 2023*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to all official instances of Crispy.
Self-Hosted instances, not run by the Common-Codes Team, may choose to adopt this Privacy Policy, if they wish to do so.

## Introduction
This Privacy Policy will use some abbreviations throughout it's entirety, to make reading and writing quicker.
It is still important to remember, however, that if you choose to use Crispy, these documents are legally binding between you, the user, and us, the developers.

Continuing are some abbreviations used throughout this document, for legal reasons:
- 'Crispy Chat' and 'Crispy' refer to Crispy, the Website of which can be found at https://common-codes.github.io/crispy
- 'Website', 'Application' and 'App' refer to the official instance of Crispy, served as-is at https://common-codes.github.io/crispy
- 'Chat App', 'Service', 'Platform' and 'Chat Site' can be used as either of the above.
- 'You', 'Your', 'Yourself', 'User', 'Users' shall refer to the end user(s).
- 'Servers', 'Guild Object' and 'Guild' refer to Guilds or the general Guild Objects, the Community managed public sections of the site where users can interact with one another using text messages.
- 'Information' refers to the personal data collected to ensure site functionality, including email, chosen username and encrypted password.
- 'ToS' refers to the Terms of Service.

## Privacy

Your privacy is important to us, and we will ensure a standard is kept while you are using our service(s).

**Crispy**, formerly **Crispy Chat** is an open-source project (source code available on our [GitHub](https://github.com/Common-Codes)), and we respect the user's privacy while attempting to remain transparent with our users.
We only collect a very limited amount of data from the users that is absolutely necessary for the platform to function correctly.

- **Account Information**: We collect data from our users when they register for an account on Crispy, including: the registered e-mail address, encrypted password, and chosen username.
- **Servers**: If you create or join a server, including the default servers, we collect the Server name and Unique ID to provide the service.
- **Self-Hosted Instances**: Since these are not operated nor maintained by us, we cannot enforce our Privacy Policy, ToS, or Acceptable Usage Policy there.

## How we Handle and Share this information

We will **NEVER** sell your data to any third-parties, although we use certain service providers, which you grant us permission to share your data with by using our app, such as:

- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com), provides us with cloud services to run the application's backend and cloud servers for the application's database.
- [Github](https://github.com), provides us with cloud services to host and deploy the application's frontend. No personal information is shared with Github.
- [Cloudflare](https://coudflare.com), provides us with the tools we need to prevent DDoS attacks, content acceleration and better user interface.

*By 'never', we include protecting your data in court and any legal cases where we will not receive a penalty for doing so.

## Where is this information stored?

Since this is an open-source project, we have team members from various places across Europe and North America. Your information is currently stored on a Virtual Private Server in Northern America.

Exceptions to third party service providers used to process your information, as mentioned above, apply.

## Children's privacy

We follow the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), which requires online service providers to obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13 years of age. This applies to every user of our platform, regardless of different consent laws in different countries. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will immediately delete that information from our servers.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

As we improve our service(s), we may update our Privacy Policy in the future if needed. We will notify you of any changes made to our Privacy Policy and when said changes will take effect beforehand, by specifying the date(s).

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Such changes to the Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


> *Note: Only our original Terms of Service and Privacy Policy documents are considered as valid in a court of legal jurisdiction. Any translstions of this document, made by third parties, are considered void in a case of legal jurisdiction. Any and all court summonings shall proceed in the country of Spain, where this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, and Application were made.*

Commit message:

Feat: Settings page + fix CSS & more
changelog:
- moved CSS to /css/{file}.css
- patched some meta info
- made app.ejs more readable
- made auth look better
- Changed some text on app landing (home.ejs)
- non-authorised users are redirected to auth upon clicking on the login button on invite pages

Co-Authored-By: F31 <81227546+F31-code@users.noreply.github.com>

legal/Privacy Policy.md, after:

*Updated: May 7th, 2023*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to all official instances of Crispy.
Self-Hosted instances, not run by the Common-Codes Team, may choose to adopt this Privacy Policy, if they wish to do so.

## Introduction
This Privacy Policy will use some abbreviations throughout it's entirety, to make reading and writing quicker.
It is still important to remember, however, that if you choose to use Crispy, these documents are legally binding between you, the user, and us, the developers.

Continuing are some abbreviations used throughout this document, for legal reasons:
- 'Crispy Chat' and 'Crispy' refer to Crispy, the Website of which can be found at https://common-codes.github.io/crispy
- 'Website', 'Application' and 'App' refer to the official instance of Crispy, served as-is at https://common-codes.github.io/crispy
- 'Chat App', 'Service', 'Platform' and 'Chat Site' can be used as either of the above.
- 'You', 'Your', 'Yourself', 'User', 'Users' shall refer to the end user(s) (you).
- 'Servers', 'Guild Object' and 'Guild' refer to Guilds or the general Guild Objects, the Community managed public sections of the site where users can interact with one another using text messages, images, external links and other mediums.
- 'Information' refers to the personal data collected to ensure site functionality, including e-mail, chosen username and encrypted password.
- 'ToS' refers to the Terms of Service.

## Privacy

Your privacy is important to us, and we will ensure a standard is kept while you are using our service(s).

**Crispy**, formerly **Crispy Chat** is an open-source project (source code available on our [GitHub](https://github.com/Common-Codes)), and we respect the User's privacy while attempting to remain transparent with our Users.
We only collect a very limited amount of data from our Users, which is absolutely necessary for the platform to function correctly.

- **Account Information**: We collect data from our Users when they register for an account on Crispy, including: the registered e-mail address, encrypted password, and chosen username.
- **Servers**: If you create or join a Guild, including the default Servers, we collect the Server name and Unique ID to provide the service.
- **Self-Hosted Instances**: Since these are not operated nor maintained by us, we cannot enforce our Privacy Policy or ToS there.

## How we Handle and Share this information

We will **NEVER**\* sell your data to any third-parties, although we use certain service providers, which you grant us permission to share your data with by using our app, such as:

- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com), provides us with cloud services to run the application's backend and cloud servers for the application's database.
- [Render](https://render.com), provides us with cloud services to host and deploy the application's frontend. No personal information is shared with Render.
- [Cloudflare](https://coudflare.com), provides us with the tools we need to prevent DDoS attacks, content acceleration and smoother user interaction.

*By 'never', we include protecting your data in court and any legal cases where we will not receive a penalty for doing so.

## Where is this information stored?

Since this is an open-source project, we have team members from various places across Europe and North America. Your information is currently stored on a Virtual Private Server in Northern America.

Exceptions to third party service providers used to process your information, as mentioned above, apply.

## Children's privacy

We follow the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), which requires online service providers to obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13 years of age. This applies to every user of our platform, regardless of different consent laws in different countries. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will immediately delete that information from our servers, and permanently delete the account.

## Requesting your data

You can freely request to view or update your account information by contacting the devlopers of the Application via the official email address: [TallerThanShort@duck.com](mailto:tallerthanshort@duck.com)

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

As we improve our service(s), we may update our Privacy Policy in the future if needed. We will notify you of any changes made to our Privacy Policy and when said changes will take effect beforehand, by specifying the date(s).

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Such changes to the Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


> *Note: Only our original Terms of Service and Privacy Policy documents are considered as valid in a court of legal jurisdiction. Any translstions of this document, made by third parties, are considered void in a case of legal jurisdiction. Any and all court summonings shall proceed in the country of Spain, where this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, and Application were made.*
